[Music]
hello and welcome to tech meow today
we're gonna be taking a look at my top
five favorite applications on my iPhone
that I have recently downloaded from the
App Store that I want to share with all
of you so hopefully these are some
applications that you will also enjoy so
without any further ado let's go ahead
and get started so first up we have
Homer now what Homer allows you to do is
basically share screenshots or view
screenshots of other people's phones to
see what applications they're using so I
don't know about you but sometimes I
found myself asking my friends what apps
have they downloaded recently are asking
them to send me a screenshot of their
device so that I can see them well this
gets rid of all of that and it puts it
all within this application so you can
search for your friends to see who's on
Homer
or you can go to trending here and click
on someone's profile such as Jess here
and you can choose to follow her get her
wallpaper or start swiping here to start
looking at how her a device looks so
this will let you see all of the
applications she has installed and the
cool thing about it is you can tap on it
and it will give you information about
the application as well as allow you to
get on the app store here and go ahead
and download it so it's a very nice
application to pretty much get
acquainted with new apps and apps that
other people are using next up we have
emoji so with the moji here what you can
do is make custom emojis and I must say
I really really really enjoyed this
application because I love sending my
friends these emojis and it looks so
nice in the conversation so you can
search here for different emojis and
just type in what you're looking for
there so when you have an emoji that you
want to download you can hold your
finger on it and move it here to this
bubble here so that you can go ahead and
start a conversation with it or you can
move it to this download icon here so
that it downloads to your emojis so that
it's saved with the rest of your emojis
but you can also create your own emoji
by tapping that there
and selecting web images which will let
you search the web take photo which will
allow you to take a photo right now or
choose existing that way you can import
a photo and then cut it out so I'm gonna
select choose existing so here's a
random picture I had on my phone or my
just select crop here or right there and
what you can do is use this circle here
to adjust the thickness of the circle
that you're going to use to trace around
the picture here so you're going to
choice around the object I'm just doing
a very sloppy job because I am not
probably going to use this just trying
to show you how to do it but after you
have a trace you can then hit this icon
there and that will cut out everything
around it so that then you can select
the check mark here and it will draw an
additional white border around it so
that you can then use it as an emoji but
I don't want to use it and so these are
the emojis that I have and I think some
of you may be familiar with some of them
that I currently have like the infamous
Stevie J emoji are the Olivia boss chick
if you follow her on Instagram the
little kid that says yeah are my
ultimate favorite honestly is going to
be this chick here the bra girl the one
that you know those are hand out and
fight bra so you can put it in a message
just like that type who you wanted to
send to and then select sins and then
once you have sent it it appears in the
message as so and then you can tap on it
which will make it bigger but that
everyone is emoji and yeah as you can
probably tell that is my favorite
application right now
are definitely at the top of the list so
up next we have Marco Polo now Marco
Polo is a very interesting application
because what it allows you to do is find
your phone if you have lost it but the
catch is Marco Polo has to be running in
the background to do that but
nonetheless this is how it works
so I'm not gonna go all into everything
in terms of putting this phone somewhere
and demonstrating and I'm gonna just
show you here so if you flip the switch
on you can place your phone somewhere
are say for instance you lost it yes
the thing is you're supposed to say the
key phrase which is this word here and
then it was shout polo to you so you can
help so that can help you find where you
misplaced your phone but the thing I've
noticed is sometimes it does not
interpret the word correctly and I won't
say this particular word as you can see
right there and it still was shout polo
but nonetheless it goes like Marco Marco
Marco so that's really it if you have
misplaced your phone and this
application is running in the background
it will shout polo back to you until you
find your phone but of course your phone
has to be within a certain you know
range in order to hear you even saying
the word Marco but it's an interesting
cool application nonetheless to kind of
show off a little bit but you can change
the voices also how loud the voice
sounds and if you get a push
notification and so forth and so on it's
an OK app but it's one that I still feel
is worth mentioning and checking out and
then up next we have camera 360 so
camera 360 is pretty neat because it
gives you a couple of different options
one being you can change what type of
photo is being taken so right now I have
these categories installed so you can
choose the effects easy cam selfies
scenes ID or if you want to do multi
grids are you into a photo with audio
burst shot low light all these different
modes that you can use when you take a
photo if you want to choose different
things about it you can go here such as
you want to set a timer a stabilizer
that can be done from within that
section turn your flash on or off switch
your camera back and forth if you have
an account which I had tell if I tap
here I can pretty much just swipe my
finger to get two different effects that
can be used
somebody's sweet our sexy lip still make
your lips red as if you have one
lipstick but nonetheless this is the
easy camera application that gives you a
lot of different options in terms of
when you take your photos to take your
photo editing and photo capture skills
to that very next level then last but
certainly not least we have fish eye so
fish eye effect gives you exactly what
it says a fish eye effect but basically
you can hit this middle camera here
that'll let you switch the camera back
and forth or you can hit the flower here
which will also let you look at your
photos the flash button here to turn the
flash on or off you can hit the Settings
button here which will let you choose
different type of fish eye lenses and I
think mines is this one here that's my
favorite because it takes up the entire
screen you know and then you can choose
different film packs in terms of effects
for your photos that you want and then
you have a few more options down here
video on photo mode and so forth and so
on but I really really really love this
application because of what it does it
gives you that fish I look and it's
pretty legit and you have a lot of
different options but that does sum
everything up today for all of the
applications that I wanted to show you
all if you enjoyed this video you
already know what to do to show your
support feel free to drop any additional
questions or comments down below my
social sites if you want to follow me up
there can be found in the description
box as well and as always thanks for
taking the time out to let me check you
out